Xiao Li, how are you?
Ah it's alright
Then you come back
Yellow Hair took him to your house
He said he was asking your mother for money
Hey, Yellow Hair is from the Snow Wolf Gang.
The Snow Wolf Gang is the largest black force in Haicheng
Can't afford to offend these little people?
Hey
Should be so bullying
The big deal is that I will fight with them
Xiao Li
You cheated on them, your ancestral grave is smoking blue
Better call the police.
Call the police. They're already in jail
Don't stop me
Kill them today
Xiao Huang, what are you doing?
What are you doing?
Stop pulling the damn blanket
Women are so troublesome
Hurry up and give me all your money
Otherwise you'll be screwed if you have money
Auntie they are bad people
Quickly put the money and risk my death
You are all my daughters-in-law
Otherwise, I'll help you.
I what
Ah hey
Xiao Huang, how can you do this?
Mingming is a classmate
People like me
Only recognize money but not people
This kind of classmate
Take out the money now
Don't let them stab you to death?